Remove schema validation from cross-chain/command verification in module LIPs (#440)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0049.md

    else:
        crossChainCommand = cross-chain command associated with (ccm.module, ccm.crossChainCommand)
        try:  

>             paramsSchema = parameter schema associated with (ccm.module, ccm.crossChainCommand)

Reviewer: Minor comment: Perhaps we can add comments here (before line 276 and 279) to separate the steps of validating params and verifying the command, to make it easier to parse.

>             #Decode and validate the parameterSchema associated with ccm module or crossChainCommand

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            #Decode and validate the parameter schema associated with ccm module and crossChainCommand
```

Reviewer 2: Also, if you define the params schema as I suggest, this comment is probably superfluous

>             ccmParams = decode(paramsSchema, ccm.params)

Reviewer 2: `paramsSchema` is undefined. I would define it in words, similar to what we do for `crossChainCommand`

>             validateObjectSchema(channelTerminatedCCMParamsSchema, ccmParams)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            validateObjectSchema(paramsSchema, ccmParams)
```

> 

Reviewer: We can completely skip the pseudocode here.

```python
def verify(trs: Transaction, ccm: CCM) -> None:

>     ccmParams = decode(sidechainTerminatedCCMParamsSchema, ccm.params)

Reviewer: This line could also be removed IMO.
